setup - require typing_extensions>=4.1.0 for dataclass_transform (#4424)
pydantic/pydantic: changes/4424-commonism.md

> Update requirement typing_extensions>=4.1.0 for dataclass_transform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update requirement to `typing_extensions>=4.1.0` to guarantee `dataclass_transform` is available
```
